Add documentation to the plugins. (#888)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: pkg/epp/framework/plugins/requesthandling/parsers/openai/README.md

# OpenAI Parser Plugin

**Type:** `openai-parser`

Parses HTTP/H2C requests and responses in the OpenAI API format. 

> [!NOTE]

> > This plugin is framework-injected by default if no other parser is specified in `EndpointPickerConfig`. You do not need to explicitly declare it in your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This plugin is enabled by default if no other parser is specified in `EndpointPickerConfig`. You do not need to explicitly declare it in your configuration.
```

# OpenAI Parser Plugin

**Type:** `openai-parser` | **Implementation:** [openai.go](openai.go)

Parses HTTP/H2C requests and responses in the OpenAI API format. This is the default parser and is auto-injected when no parser is specified in `EndpointPickerConfig`.

Supports all standard OpenAI-compatible endpoints: completions, chat/completions, conversations, responses, and embeddings. Extracts model name, prompt content, token counts, and streaming mode from the request body and response.

**Parameters:** None.

**Configuration Example:**
```yaml
plugins:
  - type: openai-parser
    name: openai-parser
parser:
  pluginRef: openai-parser

> ```

Reviewer: Not informative, pls remove.
